
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.089925                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3089924548000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3089924548000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  27136                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    29550                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               24390435                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4415208                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                126685.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3437716027                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3743564390                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3089924548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         347968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data     1153265920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1153613888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       347968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        347968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks    665051200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       665051200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            5437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data        18019780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            18025217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks     10391425                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           10391425                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            112614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         373234331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             373346944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       112614                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           112614                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      215232181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            215232181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      215232181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           112614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        373234331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            588579125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples  10391413.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5439.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples  18002708.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.103816728652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds       578511                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds       578511                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            45573480                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            9894361                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    18025219                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   10391425                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  18025219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 10391425                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1152521408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1092608                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               665046720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys              1153614016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            665051200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  17072                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    12                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            573727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            573475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            574568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            571373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            570440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            567777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            555931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            556097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            555221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            556704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           556690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           557536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           556631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           554998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           555087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           554256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16           555400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17           555393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18           556213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19           556852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20           558921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21           564813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22           564598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23           565339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24           563380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25           564814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26           564562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27           567738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28           568386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29           570089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30           569854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31           571284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            326057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            326630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            326925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            324878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            325179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            324313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            322074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            321636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            321681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            322286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           322385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           322248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           322131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           321053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           320894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           320969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16           320906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17           320865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18           321874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19           322396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20           322742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21           328571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22           328448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23           328611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24           328314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25           328740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26           329133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27           331248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28           330775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29           326395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30           325329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31           325669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                       157                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3089924535500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              18025219                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6             10391425                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                14640833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 3361703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    4197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                 179166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                 215374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                 612446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                 623930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                 623481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                 610021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                 623962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                 623025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                 641086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                 611145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                 604162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                 606515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                 599369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                 599915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                 591719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                 595325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                 603004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                 601580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                  16312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                  10761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                  11853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                   6532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                   4229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                   3570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                   2765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                   2609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                   2766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                   2406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                   2855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                   4511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                   4258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                   3647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                   5180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                   5106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                   2835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                   1844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                   2497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                   3387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                   3060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                   2849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                   2587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                   2884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                   6335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                   4798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                   4585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                   3707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                   2582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                   2443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                   2924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                   5627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                   3375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                   2681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                   5287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                  4551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                  5680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                  2896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                  4362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                  2386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                  3988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                  2715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                  4046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                  3755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                  3671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                  3567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                  3740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                  2285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                  3554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                  2001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                  3993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                  1868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                  3267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                  2093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                  2439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                  1508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                   755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                   435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                   165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                   127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                   295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      3078798                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    590.349101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   413.173111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   372.855203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       485711     15.78%     15.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       284123      9.23%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       187093      6.08%     31.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       312950     10.16%     41.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       370533     12.03%     53.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767       190464      6.19%     59.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895       137172      4.46%     63.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        99909      3.25%     67.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1010843     32.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      3078798                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       578511                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      31.128412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    201.632042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        576328     99.62%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         1150      0.20%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           94      0.02%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           57      0.01%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           36      0.01%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           44      0.01%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           27      0.00%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           60      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           37      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           29      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           49      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           22      0.00%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327           37      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583           25      0.00%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839           35      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095           34      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351           26      0.00%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607           36      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863           18      0.00%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119           38      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375           38      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631           37      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            5      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143           41      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399           39      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655           18      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911           17      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            4      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423           23      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679           21      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935           17      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            5      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8448-8703            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-8959            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9471            9      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-9983            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9984-10239           40      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10495            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13567            9      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        578511                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       578511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.962243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.231064                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     11.479038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-23        552037     95.42%     95.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-31          3573      0.62%     96.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-39         15834      2.74%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-47          2184      0.38%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-55          2333      0.40%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-63           102      0.02%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-71           683      0.12%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-79           113      0.02%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-87            27      0.00%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-95           360      0.06%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-103            9      0.00%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-111           13      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-119            7      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::120-127            8      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::128-135            6      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::136-143           11      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::144-151            7      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::152-159            9      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::160-167           12      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::168-175           14      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::176-183           10      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::184-191            7      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::192-199           10      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::200-207           11      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::208-215            8      0.00%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::216-223           18      0.00%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::224-231           26      0.00%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::232-239           11      0.00%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::240-247          568      0.10%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::248-255          271      0.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::256-263          105      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::264-271          112      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::280-287            2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::304-311            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::312-319            2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::344-351            2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::352-359            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::376-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::384-391            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::440-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::512-519            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        578511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       348096                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data   1152173312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    665046720                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 112655.178012456759                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 372880727.053921580315                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 215230731.258619725704                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5439                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data     18019780                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks     10391425                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    328319608                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 660372955452                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 173088618356751                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     60363.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     36647.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  16656870.29                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 345702767736                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            660701275060                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                60003145804                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19197.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36689.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       372.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       215.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    373.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    215.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      57.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 16035690                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 9285001                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     108736.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             4267495022.920044                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             2880849764.304307                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            13788208477.616417                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           7260241573.268277                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         63168110063.024803                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         60985882608.326302                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         3524302538.865017                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    140923662370.230499                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    39017247355.741486                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     270826914671.522858                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           606887907537.438477                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            196.408650                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2828755568976                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15143323178                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   57922900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1787536883323                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 325143833302                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  188102447838                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 716075160359                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             4128831852.383085                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             2787242200.980149                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            13496058772.261011                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           7193038645.195996                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         60750076918.323112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         58948523881.921944                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         3419248945.118186                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    136258183936.391937                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    36938021778.786552                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     277649691526.700256                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           601810005300.770142                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            194.765275                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2837386651123                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14774241677                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   55705650000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1837200451750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 307816859724                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  182058005200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 692369339649                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy             4186127653.891399                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy             2825928353.659909                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy            13588340532.785603                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy           7251077156.501723                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy         61339412857.615837                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy         59548375774.148788                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         3452106452.855701                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy    137667675514.150757                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy    37232385286.264709                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy     276022056339.302124                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           603350989419.805542                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            195.263988                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime         2834853046400                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14898815623                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF   56246050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF 1825051508494                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 310269969267                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT  183926635977                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 699531568639                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy             4261137940.770301                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy             2876561972.107894                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy            13778251346.061958                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy           7338249513.605831                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy         62089442080.873741                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy         60748030801.117256                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         3474914182.113214                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy    139323430003.321747                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy    37474502500.623047                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy     273756098650.064789                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           605349094248.046631                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            195.910640                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime         2830054340885                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14863108234                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF   56933800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF 1809823262235                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 312287471203                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT  188073106373                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 707943799955                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3089924548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               590706440                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         413183961                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           8414585                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            391992215                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits               370531571                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             94.525237                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                81166011                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  8                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups            4021                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits               2817                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             1204                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          654                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3089924548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3089924548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3089924548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3089924548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   307                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    3089924548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       6179849096                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  3437716027                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    3743564390                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                      30087340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.797661                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.556278                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass               61184      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu              2418350280     64.60%     64.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                 715626      0.02%     64.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                   98835      0.00%     64.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd              26290018      0.70%     65.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp              45933003      1.23%     66.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt              73643563      1.97%     68.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult             42121784      1.13%     69.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc           9034496      0.24%     69.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv               8689884      0.23%     70.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMisc             33505380      0.90%     71.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt              8652845      0.23%     71.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                 478853      0.01%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                2731679      0.07%     71.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                   1380      0.00%     71.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                   6342      0.00%     71.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc              32569555      0.87%     72.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     72.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     72.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                50088      0.00%     72.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     72.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     72.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd           1496087      0.04%     72.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu           2162304      0.06%     72.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp           2649030      0.07%     72.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     72.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv              6336      0.00%     72.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     72.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult           129801      0.00%     72.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc      21734088      0.58%     72.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead              523269183     13.98%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite             425195310     11.36%     98.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%     98.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%     98.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%     98.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%     98.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::CusAlu                63987456      1.71%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total               3743564390                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                      3901477933                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                      2278371163                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.fetch2.int_instructions         1983477947                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.fp_instructions                   0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.vec_instructions          336997702                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.load_instructions         390251071                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.store_instructions        224470564                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3089924548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.988929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           854710731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          28372088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             30.125056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            172500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.988929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1758116100                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1758116100                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3089924548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data    399487683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       399487683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data    392110827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      392110827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          380                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           380                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::.cpu.data          723                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          723                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu.data     17369507                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total     17369507                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu.data     17369523                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total     17369523                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data    791599233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        791599233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data    791599613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       791599613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data     22686978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      22686978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data     14400568                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     14400568                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          119                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          119                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::.cpu.data      1445682                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      1445682                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data     38533228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       38533228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data     38533347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      38533347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1306751892500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1306751892500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1159134961500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1159134961500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42901438750                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  42901438750                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       386000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       386000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2508788292750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2508788292750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2508788292750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2508788292750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data    422174661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    422174661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data    406511395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    406511395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          499                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          499                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1446405                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      1446405                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17369523                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total     17369523                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17369523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total     17369523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data    830132461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    830132461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data    830132960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    830132960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.053738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035425                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035425                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238477                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238477                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999500                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.999500                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57599.204817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57599.204817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80492.308463                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80492.308463                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29675.570942                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29675.570942                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        24125                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        24125                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65107.140589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65107.140589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65106.939523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65106.939523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     19587479                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            735421                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.634375                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     18232238                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          18232238                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data       342000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       342000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data      9819275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      9819275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data     10161275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10161275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data     10161275                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10161275                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     22344978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     22344978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4581293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4581293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          119                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1445682                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total      1445682                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     28371953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     28371953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     28372072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     28372072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1260055128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1260055128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 388828947000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 388828947000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     18086500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18086500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41455756750                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41455756750                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       370000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       370000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1690339831750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1690339831750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1690357918250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1690357918250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238477                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238477                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999500                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999500                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56390.976442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56390.976442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84873.189076                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84873.189076                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 151987.394958                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151987.394958                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28675.570942                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28675.570942                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        23125                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        23125                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59577.845478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59577.845478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59578.233068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59578.233068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements               28371576                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3089924548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.995087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1943637068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             13923                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          139599.013718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             84000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   511.995087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        3887288255                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       3887288255                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3089924548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst   1943623145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1943623145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst   1943623145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1943623145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst   1943623145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1943623145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        14021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         14021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        14021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          14021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        14021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         14021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    717361000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    717361000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    717361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    717361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    717361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    717361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst   1943637166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1943637166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst   1943637166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1943637166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst   1943637166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1943637166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51163.326439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51163.326439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51163.326439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51163.326439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51163.326439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51163.326439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks        13411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             13411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst           96                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           96                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    701042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    701042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    701042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    701042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    701042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    701042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50344.129264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50344.129264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50344.129264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50344.129264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50344.129264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50344.129264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                  13411                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3089924548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16355.351864                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    55352197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  19476409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.842012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     73125                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    1675.467095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        12.869610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     14667.015159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.102262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.000785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.895204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          675                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2998                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4682                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999878                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 133018403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                133018403                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3089924548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     18232238                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         18232238                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks        13409                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            13409                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            345475                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                345475                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst           8485                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               8485                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data       8561151                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           8561151                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::.cpu.data         26961                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total             26961                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                 8485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data              8906626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  8915111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                8485                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data             8906626                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 8915111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         4235818                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4235818                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5440                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             5440                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data     13783962                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        13783962                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::.cpu.data      1418721                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1418721                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               5440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data           18019780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               18025220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              5440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data          18019780                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              18025220                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 378309036500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  378309036500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    587612500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    587612500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1136651669000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1136651669000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    587612500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1514960705500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1515548318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    587612500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1514960705500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1515548318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     18232238                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     18232238                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks        13409                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        13409                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       4581293                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4581293                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13925                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          13925                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data     22345113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      22345113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1445682                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       1445682                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst            13925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         26926406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             26940331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst           13925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26926406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            26940331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.924590                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.924590                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.390664                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.390664                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616867                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.616867                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.981351                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.981351                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.390664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.669223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.669079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.390664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.669223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.669079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89311.919563                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89311.919563                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 108017.003676                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108017.003676                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82461.898038                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82461.898038                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 108017.003676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84072.097745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84079.324302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 108017.003676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84072.097745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84079.324302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks            10391425                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  10391425                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           76                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            76                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4235818                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4235818                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5439                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         5439                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     13783962                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     13783962                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1418721                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      1418721                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          5439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      18019780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          18025219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     18019780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         18025219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 335378100126                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 335378100126                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    532161375                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    532161375                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 996597459500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 996597459500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24445735081                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24445735081                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    532161375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1331975559626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1332507721001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    532161375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1331975559626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1332507721001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.924590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.924590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.390592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.981351                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981351                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.390592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.669223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.669079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.390592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.669223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.669079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79176.702145                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79176.702145                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 97841.767788                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97841.767788                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72301.233818                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72301.233818                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17230.826273                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17230.826273                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 97841.767788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73917.415175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73924.634203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 97841.767788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73917.415175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73924.634203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                       19433066                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      38871544                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     19427605                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3089924548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           13789399                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     10391425                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9036022                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4235818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4235818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      13789401                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1418721                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     56896604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               56896604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1818665088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1818665088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          19443940                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                19443940    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            19443940                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         57766730726                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        61408398829                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     56771145                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     28385108                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           5695                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5695                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3089924548000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          22359036                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     28623663                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        13411                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        19180979                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4581293                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4581293                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         13925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     22345113                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      1445682                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1445682                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        41259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     85115752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              85157011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1749376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2890153216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             2891902592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        19433066                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 665051200                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         47819105                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000119                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.010917                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               47813405     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   5700      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           47819105                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        46631260153                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          20886995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       41112480767                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
