
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                454.792040                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                454792039644000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               454792039644000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 990886                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1158283                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           257541957944                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4852496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1765.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1749801214                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2045406264                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bootmem.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst              92                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.bootmem.bytes_read::.cpu0.data              36                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.bootmem.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst              76                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.bootmem.bytes_read::.cpu1.data              16                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.bootmem.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst              76                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.bootmem.bytes_read::.cpu2.data              16                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.bootmem.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst              76                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.bootmem.bytes_read::.cpu3.data              16                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.bootmem.bytes_read::total                  404                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.bootmem.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst           92                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.bootmem.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst           76                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.bootmem.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst           76                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.bootmem.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst           76                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.bootmem.bytes_inst_read::total             320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.bootmem.num_reads::.cpu0.inst               23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.bootmem.num_reads::.cpu0.data                5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.bootmem.num_reads::.cpu1.inst               19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.bootmem.num_reads::.cpu1.data                2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.bootmem.num_reads::.cpu2.inst               19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.bootmem.num_reads::.cpu2.data                2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.bootmem.num_reads::.cpu3.inst               19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.bootmem.num_reads::.cpu3.data                2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.bootmem.num_reads::total                    91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.bootmem.bw_read::.cpu0.inst                  0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_read::.cpu0.data                  0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_read::.cpu1.inst                  0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_read::.cpu1.data                  0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_read::.cpu2.inst                  0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_read::.cpu2.data                  0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_read::.cpu3.inst                  0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_read::.cpu3.data                  0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_read::total                       1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst             0                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst             0                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst             0                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst             0                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_inst_read::total                  1                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_total::.cpu0.inst                 0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_total::.cpu0.data                 0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_total::.cpu1.inst                 0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_total::.cpu1.data                 0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_total::.cpu2.inst                 0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_total::.cpu2.data                 0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_total::.cpu3.inst                 0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_total::.cpu3.data                 0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.bootmem.bw_total::total                      1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.dtb.walker      1116288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.itb.walker       688320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst      41634704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu0.data     252356736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.dtb.walker      1064448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.itb.walker       671104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst      47162420                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu1.data      91718920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu2.dtb.walker       756992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu2.itb.walker       468672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst      24446876                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu2.data      53602456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu3.dtb.walker       820992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu3.itb.walker       659840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst      31828804                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu3.data      54263592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.pci_ide          401408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          603662572                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst     41634704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst     47162420                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst     24446876                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst     31828804                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total     145072804                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks    530177984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.cpu0.data        20588                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.cpu1.data            4                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.cpu2.data            4                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.cpu3.data            4                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       530198584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.dtb.walker        17442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.itb.walker        10755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.inst         654926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu0.data        3943081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.dtb.walker        16632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.itb.walker        10486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.inst         737000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu1.data        1433123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu2.dtb.walker        11828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu2.itb.walker         7323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu2.inst         382079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu2.data         837555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu3.dtb.walker        12828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu3.itb.walker        10310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu3.inst         497431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu3.data         847887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.pci_ide             6272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             9436958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      8284031                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.cpu0.data          2574                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.cpu1.data             1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.cpu2.data             1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.cpu3.data             1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            8286608                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.dtb.walker         2455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.itb.walker         1513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            91547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu0.data           554884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.dtb.walker         2341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.itb.walker         1476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.inst           103701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu1.data           201672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu2.dtb.walker         1664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu2.itb.walker         1031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu2.inst            53754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu2.data           117861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu3.dtb.walker         1805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu3.itb.walker         1451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu3.inst            69985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu3.data           119315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.pci_ide                883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               1327338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        91547                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       103701                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst        53754                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst        69985                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           318987                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks        1165759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.cpu0.data              45                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.cpu1.data               0                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.cpu2.data               0                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.cpu3.data               0                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1165804                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks        1165759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.dtb.walker         2455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.itb.walker         1513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           91547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu0.data          554929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.dtb.walker         2341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.itb.walker         1476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.inst          103701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu1.data          201672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu2.dtb.walker         1664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu2.itb.walker         1031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu2.inst           53754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu2.data          117861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu3.dtb.walker         1805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu3.itb.walker         1451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu3.inst           69985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu3.data          119315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.pci_ide               883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total              2493142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                  0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         74222060869922.171875                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           74222060869922.171875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 454792039644000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         74222060869922.171875                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           74222060869922.171875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 454792039644000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         74222060869922.171875                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           74222060869922.171875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 454792039644000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         74222060869922.171875                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           74222060869922.171875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 454792039644000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                    193                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      794624                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                           195                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  6475                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   26579968                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         6504                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walks                   166188                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walksLong               166188                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       166188                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         166188    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       166188                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples      3637500                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walksPending::0        3637500    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walksPending::total      3637500                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       153053     94.41%     94.41% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         6312      3.89%     98.31% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G         2747      1.69%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       162112                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       166188                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       166188                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       162112                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       162112                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       328300                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   125855562                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    148108                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                  110946147                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                    18080                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                        1943                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              28180                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    592                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                   40109                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                 12477                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                     2889                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               126003670                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses              110964227                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        236801709                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         166188                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    236967897                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walks                    59527                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walksLong                59527                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        59527                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          59527    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        59527                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walksPending::samples      3632000                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walksPending::0        3632000    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walksPending::total      3632000                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        53391     91.53%     91.53% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         4931      8.45%     99.99% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            8      0.01%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        58330                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        59527                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        59527                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        58330                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        58330                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       117857                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                   706349109                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                     59527                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                        1943                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              28180                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    592                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                   22673                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses               706408636                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                        706349109                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                          59527                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                    706408636                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions              16458                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         8228                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    55224176737.915657                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   175548124355.246979                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         5630     68.42%     68.42% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1637     19.90%     88.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            5      0.06%     88.38% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            4      0.05%     88.43% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11           31      0.38%     88.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11          444      5.40%     94.20% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11           22      0.27%     94.47% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.01%     94.48% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            2      0.02%     94.51% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.01%     94.52% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11           24      0.29%     94.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            6      0.07%     94.88% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::5.5e+11-6e+11           14      0.17%     95.05% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::6e+11-6.5e+11            2      0.02%     95.08% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::6.5e+11-7e+11            2      0.02%     95.10% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            7      0.09%     95.19% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::7.5e+11-8e+11          396      4.81%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          267                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 769980287580                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           8228                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   407513444430                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 454384526199570                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                    909584087519                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    8230                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  706366681                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    814981894                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            748163817                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_cus_alu_accesses            748163817                       # Number of custom alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses              4380231                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   44286200                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     99013853                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   748163817                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                     4380231                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          995836278                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         595923934                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads            6450744                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes           3968519                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           179507400                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          175555009                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    236624966                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  125679787                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 110945179                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              908769060622.762695                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              815026896.237332                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.000896                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.999104                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        155548602                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               207367      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                572012162     70.18%     70.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 2469200      0.30%     70.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   323583      0.04%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                     16      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     15      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     4      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                    12      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                  637447      0.08%     70.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                 1345316      0.17%     70.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                  829344      0.10%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                 577919      0.07%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               125679787     15.42%     86.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              110945179     13.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::CusAlu                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 815027351                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          504.049286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          236843449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         10284178                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.029886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          3637500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data   504.049286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.984471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        484063652                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       484063652                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data    116281398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      116281398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data    104652309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     104652309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu0.data        34081                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        34081                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFExReq_hits::.cpu0.data      1225933                       # number of SoftPFExReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFExReq_hits::total      1225933                       # number of SoftPFExReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::.cpu0.data       329599                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       329599                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu0.data      1896557                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1896557                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu0.data      1924861                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1924861                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data    221263306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       221263306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data    222523320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      222523320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data      5099986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5099986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data      1185404                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1185404                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu0.data       210517                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       210517                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFExReq_misses::.cpu0.data      1182814                       # number of SoftPFExReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFExReq_misses::total      1182814                       # number of SoftPFExReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::.cpu0.data      2638822                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      2638822                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu0.data        31118                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        31118                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::.cpu0.data         1636                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1636                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data      8924212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       8924212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data     10317543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     10317543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data    121381384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    121381384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data    105837713                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    105837713                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       244598                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       244598                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      2408747                       # number of SoftPFExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFExReq_accesses::total      2408747                       # number of SoftPFExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      2968421                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      2968421                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      1927675                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1927675                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      1926497                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1926497                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data    230187518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    230187518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data    232840863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    232840863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.042016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.011200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.860665                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.860665                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.491049                       # miss rate for SoftPFExReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFExReq_miss_rate::total     0.491049                       # miss rate for SoftPFExReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.888965                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.888965                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.016143                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.016143                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.000849                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000849                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.038769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.044312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      8010170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          8010170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements              10009138                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.986923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          706407439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          8447150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            83.626719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          3632000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   511.986923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.999974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1421262028                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      1421262028                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst    697960289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      697960289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst    697960289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       697960289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst    697960289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      697960289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst      8447150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      8447150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst      8447150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       8447150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst      8447150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      8447150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst    706407439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    706407439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst    706407439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    706407439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst    706407439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    706407439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.011958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.011958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.011958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks      8446634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          8446634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.replacements               8446634                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walks                   170780                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walksLong               170780                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       170780                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         170780    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       170780                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1110848064                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -1110848064    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1110848064                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       154259     93.63%     93.63% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         7609      4.62%     98.24% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G         2894      1.76%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       164762                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       170780                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       170780                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       164762                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       164762                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       335542                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    94663493                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    153589                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   82171390                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                    17191                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                        1943                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              28180                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    592                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                   33767                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                  7618                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                     3547                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                94817082                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               82188581                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        176834883                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                         170780                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    177005663                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walks                    60049                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walksLong                60049                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        60049                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          60049    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        60049                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1110850564                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -1110850564    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1110850564                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        52737     90.63%     90.63% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         5448      9.36%     99.99% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            5      0.01%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        58190                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        60049                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        60049                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        58190                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        58190                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       118239                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                   488839517                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                     60049                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                        1943                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              28180                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    592                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                   18141                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses               488899566                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                        488839517                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                          60049                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                    488899566                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions              10197                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         5093                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    89240830063.148239                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1290139866617.644287                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         3375     66.27%     66.27% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1653     32.46%     98.72% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            3      0.06%     98.78% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            2      0.04%     98.82% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.02%     98.84% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            3      0.06%     98.90% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            2      0.04%     98.94% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            2      0.04%     98.98% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.04%     99.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.02%     99.04% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::5.5e+11-6e+11            1      0.02%     99.06% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            2      0.04%     99.10% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::7.5e+11-8e+11            1      0.02%     99.12% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.02%     99.14% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12           10      0.20%     99.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           34      0.67%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 28720290027000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           5093                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   288492132386                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 454503547511614                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                    909583603643                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    5105                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  488860831                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    576947088                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            534597085                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_cus_alu_accesses            534597085                       # Number of custom alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses              4652294                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   32899485                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     67491848                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   534597085                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                     4652294                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          708450092                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         424588670                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads            6891115                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes           4212862                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           114353412                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          110310366                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    176672817                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   94501727                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  82171090                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              909006619679.947998                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              576983963.052029                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.000634                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.999366                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        106235598                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               217025      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                394984136     68.46%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 1211368      0.21%     68.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   276370      0.05%     68.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                     11      0.00%     68.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                     15      0.00%     68.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     36      0.00%     68.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     8      0.00%     68.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  3      0.00%     68.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     68.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                    27      0.00%     68.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                  682878      0.12%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                 1457848      0.25%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                  867956      0.15%     69.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     69.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                 613575      0.11%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                94501727     16.38%     85.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               82171090     14.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::CusAlu                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 576984076                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          436.617751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          176812559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4258921                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            41.515811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     144918040000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data   436.617751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.852769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.852769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.763672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        358174645                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       358174645                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data     88804312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       88804312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data     78880531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      78880531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu1.data        18196                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        18196                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFExReq_hits::.cpu1.data      1102812                       # number of SoftPFExReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFExReq_hits::total      1102812                       # number of SoftPFExReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::.cpu1.data       100287                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       100287                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu1.data      1677533                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1677533                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu1.data      1700693                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1700693                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data    167785130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       167785130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data    168906138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      168906138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data      2795292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2795292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data       835901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       835901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu1.data       245992                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       245992                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFExReq_misses::.cpu1.data       125909                       # number of SoftPFExReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFExReq_misses::total       125909                       # number of SoftPFExReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::.cpu1.data       299017                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       299017                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        26205                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        26205                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::.cpu1.data         1629                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1629                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data      3930210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       3930210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data      4302111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      4302111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     91599604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91599604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     79716432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     79716432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu1.data       264188                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       264188                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      1228721                       # number of SoftPFExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFExReq_accesses::total      1228721                       # number of SoftPFExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::.cpu1.data       399304                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       399304                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      1703738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1703738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      1702322                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1702322                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data    171715340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    171715340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data    173208249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    173208249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.030516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.010486                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010486                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.931125                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.931125                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.102472                       # miss rate for SoftPFExReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFExReq_miss_rate::total     0.102472                       # miss rate for SoftPFExReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.748845                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.748845                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.015381                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015381                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000957                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000957                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.022888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.024838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      2201500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          2201500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements               3951124                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.831757                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          488897707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs          6918262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            70.667706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     144918037500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   511.831757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        984713676                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       984713676                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst    481979445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      481979445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst    481979445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       481979445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst    481979445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      481979445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst      6918262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6918262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst      6918262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total       6918262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst      6918262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total      6918262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst    488897707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    488897707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst    488897707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    488897707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst    488897707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    488897707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.014151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.014151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.014151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks      6917750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total          6917750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.replacements               6917750                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walks                   266782                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walksLong               266782                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       266782                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         266782    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       266782                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1167062636                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -1167062636    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1167062636                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       254563     96.70%     96.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         5865      2.23%     98.93% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G         2813      1.07%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       263241                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       266782                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       266782                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       263241                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       263241                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       530023                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    53459903                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                    254290                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   41716879                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                    12492                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                        1943                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              28180                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    592                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                   27518                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                  4178                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                     2059                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                53714193                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               41729371                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         95176782                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                         266782                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     95443564                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walks                    33050                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walksLong                33050                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        33050                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          33050    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        33050                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1167065136                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -1167065136    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1167065136                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        27044     84.94%     84.94% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         4792     15.05%     99.99% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            4      0.01%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        31840                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        33050                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        33050                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        31840                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        31840                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        64890                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                   261916535                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                     33050                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                        1943                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              28180                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    592                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                   13485                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses               261949585                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                        261916535                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                          33050                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                    261949585                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions               6626                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3311                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    137311556560.223495                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1656202290870.006104                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1815     54.82%     54.82% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1434     43.31%     98.13% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            3      0.09%     98.22% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.03%     98.25% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            4      0.12%     98.37% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            2      0.06%     98.43% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            2      0.06%     98.49% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            5      0.15%     98.64% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.06%     98.70% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            1      0.03%     98.73% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::7.5e+11-8e+11            1      0.03%     98.76% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::8e+11-8.5e+11            1      0.03%     98.79% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            6      0.18%     98.97% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.03%     99.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           33      1.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30210284263500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           3311                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   153475873100                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 454638563770900                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                    909583601344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    3316                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  261925087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    306928524                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            284882289                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_cus_alu_accesses            284882289                       # Number of custom alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses               616913                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                   16696146                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     38694701                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   284882289                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                      616913                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          371135522                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         226834661                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads             807748                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes            432762                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            63905121                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           61475622                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     95369003                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   53646015                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  41722988                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              909276649759.088745                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              306951584.911177                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.000337                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.999663                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         58620012                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                21037      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                210223647     68.49%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  882155      0.29%     68.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                   100488      0.03%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                   66562      0.02%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                  136870      0.04%     68.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                   86058      0.03%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                  66114      0.02%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                53646015     17.48%     86.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               41722988     13.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::CusAlu                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 306951934                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          453.608574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           95394814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2514337                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            37.940345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     174926596500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data   453.608574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.885954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.885954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        193365587                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       193365587                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data     50248612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       50248612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data     40004495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      40004495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu2.data        11560                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        11560                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFExReq_hits::.cpu2.data       580294                       # number of SoftPFExReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFExReq_hits::total       580294                       # number of SoftPFExReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::.cpu2.data        28851                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        28851                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu2.data       912571                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       912571                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu2.data       922181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       922181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data     90281958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        90281958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data     90873812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       90873812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data      1724679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1724679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data       448439                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       448439                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu2.data       145729                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       145729                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFExReq_misses::.cpu2.data        70633                       # number of SoftPFExReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFExReq_misses::total        70633                       # number of SoftPFExReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::.cpu2.data       161459                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       161459                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu2.data        11950                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11950                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::.cpu2.data         1083                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1083                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data      2334577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       2334577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data      2550939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      2550939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data     51973291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     51973291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data     40452934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     40452934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu2.data       157289                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       157289                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data       650927                       # number of SoftPFExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFExReq_accesses::total       650927                       # number of SoftPFExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::.cpu2.data       190310                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       190310                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data       924521                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       924521                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu2.data       923264                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       923264                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data     92616535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     92616535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data     93424751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     93424751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.033184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.011085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.926505                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.926505                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.108511                       # miss rate for SoftPFExReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFExReq_miss_rate::total     0.108511                       # miss rate for SoftPFExReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.848400                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.848400                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.012926                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012926                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001173                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.001173                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.025207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.027305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      1171096                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          1171096                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements               2320934                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.800066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          261948375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          3853595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            67.975066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     174926594000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   511.800066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.999610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        527750345                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       527750345                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst    258094780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      258094780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst    258094780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       258094780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst    258094780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      258094780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst      3853595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3853595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst      3853595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       3853595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst      3853595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      3853595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst    261948375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    261948375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst    261948375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    261948375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst    261948375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    261948375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.014711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.014711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.014711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::.writebacks      3853083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          3853083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.replacements               3853083                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walks                   128862                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walksLong               128862                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       128862                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         128862    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       128862                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1223273208                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -1223273208    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1223273208                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       116026     93.43%     93.43% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         5690      4.58%     98.01% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G         2468      1.99%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       124184                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       128862                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       128862                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       124184                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       124184                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       253046                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                    59672201                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                    115105                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                   51871723                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                    13757                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                        1943                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              28180                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    592                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                   33847                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                  5795                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                     1834                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                59787306                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses               51885480                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                        111543924                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                         128862                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                    111672786                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walks                    55569                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walksLong                55569                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        55569                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          55569    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        55569                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1223275708                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -1223275708    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1223275708                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        49089     90.59%     90.59% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         5095      9.40%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            2      0.00%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        54186                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        55569                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        55569                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        54186                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        54186                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       109755                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                   292621346                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                     55569                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                        1943                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              28180                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    592                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                   19443                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses               292676915                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                        292621346                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                          55569                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                    292676915                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions               7722                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3858                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    117837934623.925873                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1554392322227.423584                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         2337     60.58%     60.58% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1458     37.79%     98.37% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            7      0.18%     98.55% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.03%     98.57% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            4      0.10%     98.68% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.03%     98.70% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            3      0.08%     98.78% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.03%     98.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            4      0.10%     98.91% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            3      0.08%     98.99% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.03%     99.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            1      0.03%     99.04% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::7.5e+11-8e+11            2      0.05%     99.09% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            3      0.08%     99.17% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.03%     99.20% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           31      0.80%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30220239986500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           3858                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   173287864894                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 454618751779106                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                    909583981530                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    3865                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  292648615                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                    346548758                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            322203266                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_cus_alu_accesses            322203266                       # Number of custom alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses              2074141                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   20867922                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     42014215                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   322203266                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                     2074141                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          419146497                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         252383292                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads            2992204                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes           1820068                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            65297019                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           63220173                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    111552622                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   59677832                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  51874790                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              909237405837.460449                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              346575692.539601                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.000381                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.999619                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         66123599                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                88529      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                232660873     67.13%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                  594956      0.17%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                   105667      0.03%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                  297427      0.09%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                  628194      0.18%     67.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                  354493      0.10%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                 293046      0.08%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                59677832     17.22%     85.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               51874790     14.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::CusAlu                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                 346575807                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          470.473939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          111634439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2666369                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            41.867588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     204935157000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data   470.473939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.918894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.918894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          503                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          285                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.982422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        225970339                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       225970339                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data     55985404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       55985404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data     49829274                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      49829274                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu3.data        12935                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        12935                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFExReq_hits::.cpu3.data       725882                       # number of SoftPFExReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFExReq_hits::total       725882                       # number of SoftPFExReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::.cpu3.data        77156                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        77156                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu3.data      1079420                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1079420                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu3.data      1093720                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1093720                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data    105891834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       105891834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data    106630651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      106630651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data      1733288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1733288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data       510799                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       510799                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu3.data       130899                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       130899                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFExReq_misses::.cpu3.data        92760                       # number of SoftPFExReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFExReq_misses::total        92760                       # number of SoftPFExReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::.cpu3.data       244582                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       244582                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu3.data        17059                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17059                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::.cpu3.data         1558                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1558                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data      2488669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       2488669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data      2712328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      2712328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     57718692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     57718692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     50340073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     50340073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu3.data       143834                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       143834                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data       818642                       # number of SoftPFExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFExReq_accesses::total       818642                       # number of SoftPFExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::.cpu3.data       321738                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       321738                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      1096479                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1096479                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      1095278                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1095278                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data    108380503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    108380503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data    109342979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    109342979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.030030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.010147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.910070                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.910070                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.113310                       # miss rate for SoftPFExReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFExReq_miss_rate::total     0.113310                       # miss rate for SoftPFExReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.760190                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.760190                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.015558                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015558                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001422                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.001422                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.022962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.024806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      1348386                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          1348386                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements               2476596                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.768981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          292675532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs          4652478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            62.907451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     204935154500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   511.768981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        590003542                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       590003542                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst    288023054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      288023054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst    288023054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       288023054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst    288023054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      288023054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst      4652478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      4652478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst      4652478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total       4652478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst      4652478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total      4652478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst    292675532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    292675532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst    292675532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    292675532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst    292675532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    292675532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.015896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.015896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.015896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::.writebacks      4651966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total          4651966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.replacements               4651966                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                66556                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               66556                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              466816                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             466816                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio           64                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio       127096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio         1074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pci_host.pio          274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        73436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       202074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       864670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total       864670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1066744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio       127116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          561                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.pci_host.pio          388                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        42034                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       170340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     27411448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     27411448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 27581788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.981544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 432335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               432335                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         496875051001                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::.pci_ide    15.981544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::.pci_ide     0.998847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              3891015                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             3891015                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::.pci_ide         17023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total            17023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::.pci_ide       415312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       415312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::.pci_ide         432335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            432335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::.pci_ide        432335                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           432335                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::.pci_ide        17023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          17023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::.pci_ide       415312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       415312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::.pci_ide       432335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          432335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::.pci_ide       432335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         432335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::.pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::.pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::.pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::.writebacks         414734                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               414734                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    431741                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15932.181078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    77062195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  13468582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      5.721626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   3632000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    2285.439180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.dtb.walker    28.360750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.itb.walker    28.477595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst     2142.890519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     3024.932825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.dtb.walker    14.115877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.itb.walker    10.746926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst     1066.351820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     1297.465441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.dtb.walker    20.566115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.itb.walker    10.069254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst     1421.387674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data     1825.869524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.dtb.walker    37.671655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.itb.walker    28.606773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     1274.801596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data     1414.427553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.139492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.itb.walker     0.001738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst       0.130792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data       0.184627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst       0.065085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data       0.079191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.001255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst       0.086755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data       0.111442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.002299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.itb.walker     0.001746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst       0.077808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data       0.086330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.972423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         15885                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1661                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13835                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.013184                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.969543                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 174667560                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                174667560                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.dtb.walker       442638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.itb.walker       154641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.dtb.walker       445099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.itb.walker       151459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.dtb.walker       753722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.itb.walker        77827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.dtb.walker       331476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.itb.walker       139162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 2496024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     12731152                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         12731152                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks     15644603                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         15644603                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WriteClean_hits::.writebacks         572435                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l2.WriteClean_hits::total               572435                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu0.data           12533                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu1.data           16916                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu2.data            9686                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu3.data           13459                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                52594                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::.cpu0.data           139                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::.cpu1.data           175                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::.cpu2.data            93                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::.cpu3.data           144                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                551                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data           448270                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data           381524                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data           188719                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data           239207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1257720                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu0.inst       7796900                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu1.inst       6181355                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu2.inst       3471619                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu3.inst       4155160                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           21605034                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data      3108556                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data      2016377                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data      1236139                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data      1217995                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           7579067                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::.cpu0.data       136516                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::.cpu1.data        51339                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::.cpu2.data        15757                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::.cpu3.data        41423                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total            245035                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.dtb.walker        442638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.itb.walker        154641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst             7796900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu0.data             3556826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.dtb.walker        445099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.itb.walker        151459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst             6181355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu1.data             2397901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu2.dtb.walker        753722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu2.itb.walker         77827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst             3471619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu2.data             1424858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu3.dtb.walker        331476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu3.itb.walker        139162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst             4155160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu3.data             1457202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 32937845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.dtb.walker       442638                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.itb.walker       154641                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst            7796900                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu0.data            3556826                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.dtb.walker       445099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.itb.walker       151459                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst            6181355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu1.data            2397901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu2.dtb.walker       753722                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu2.itb.walker        77827                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst            3471619                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu2.data            1424858                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu3.dtb.walker       331476                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu3.itb.walker       139162                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst            4155160                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu3.data            1457202                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                32937845                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.dtb.walker        17442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.itb.walker        10755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.dtb.walker        16632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.itb.walker        10486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.dtb.walker        11828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.itb.walker         7323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.dtb.walker        12828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.itb.walker        10310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 97604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu0.data          2350                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu1.data          3333                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu2.data          3370                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu3.data          2907                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              11960                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::.cpu0.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::.cpu1.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::.cpu2.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::.cpu3.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               83                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data        1820187                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         470944                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data         255245                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data         264607                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             2810983                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu0.inst       650250                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu1.inst       736907                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu2.inst       381976                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu3.inst       497318                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          2266451                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data      2133412                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data       964924                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data       582829                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data       583573                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4264738                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::.cpu0.data      2501640                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::.cpu1.data       246846                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::.cpu2.data       145410                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::.cpu3.data       202922                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         3096818                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.dtb.walker        17442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.itb.walker        10755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst            650250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu0.data           3953599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.dtb.walker        16632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.itb.walker        10486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst            736907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu1.data           1435868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu2.dtb.walker        11828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu2.itb.walker         7323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst            381976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu2.data            838074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu3.dtb.walker        12828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu3.itb.walker        10310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst            497318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu3.data            848180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                9439776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.dtb.walker        17442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.itb.walker        10755                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst           650250                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu0.data          3953599                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.dtb.walker        16632                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.itb.walker        10486                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst           736907                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu1.data          1435868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu2.dtb.walker        11828                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu2.itb.walker         7323                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst           381976                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu2.data           838074                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu3.dtb.walker        12828                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu3.itb.walker        10310                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst           497318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu3.data           848180                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               9439776                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.dtb.walker       460080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.itb.walker       165396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.dtb.walker       461731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.itb.walker       161945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.dtb.walker       765550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.itb.walker        85150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.dtb.walker       344304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.itb.walker       149472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             2593628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     12731152                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     12731152                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks     15644603                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     15644603                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WriteClean_accesses::.writebacks       572435                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WriteClean_accesses::total           572435                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        14883                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        20249                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        13056                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu3.data        16366                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            64554                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu0.data          167                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu1.data          200                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu2.data          107                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu3.data          160                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            634                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      2268457                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data       852468                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data       443964                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data       503814                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4068703                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst      8447150                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst      6918262                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst      3853595                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst      4652478                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       23871485                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      5241968                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      2981301                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      1818968                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      1801568                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      11843805                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      2638156                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::.cpu1.data       298185                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::.cpu2.data       161167                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::.cpu3.data       244345                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       3341853                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.dtb.walker       460080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.itb.walker       165396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst         8447150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data         7510425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.dtb.walker       461731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.itb.walker       161945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst         6918262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data         3833769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu2.dtb.walker       765550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu2.itb.walker        85150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst         3853595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data         2262932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu3.dtb.walker       344304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu3.itb.walker       149472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst         4652478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data         2305382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             42377621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.dtb.walker       460080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.itb.walker       165396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst        8447150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        7510425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.dtb.walker       461731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.itb.walker       161945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst        6918262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        3833769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu2.dtb.walker       765550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu2.itb.walker        85150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst        3853595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data        2262932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu3.dtb.walker       344304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu3.itb.walker       149472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst        4652478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data        2305382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            42377621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.037911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.itb.walker     0.065026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.036021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.itb.walker     0.064750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.015450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.itb.walker     0.086001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.037258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.itb.walker     0.068976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.037632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.157898                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.164601                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.258119                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.177624                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.185271                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.167665                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.130841                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.100000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.130915                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.802390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.552448                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.574923                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.525208                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.690879                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.076979                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.106516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.099122                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.106893                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.094944                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.406987                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.323659                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.320417                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.323925                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.360082                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.948253                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.827828                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.902232                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.830473                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.926677                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.037911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.itb.walker     0.065026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst       0.076979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data       0.526415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.036021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.itb.walker     0.064750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst       0.106516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data       0.374532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.015450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.itb.walker     0.086001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst       0.099122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data       0.370349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.037258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.itb.walker     0.068976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst       0.106893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data       0.367913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.222754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.037911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.itb.walker     0.065026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst      0.076979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data      0.526415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.036021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.itb.walker     0.064750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst      0.106516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data      0.374532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.015450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.itb.walker     0.086001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst      0.099122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data      0.370349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.037258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.itb.walker     0.068976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst      0.106893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data      0.367913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.222754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             7232314                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   7232314                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.replacements                       12567031                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      25988887                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     13156231                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        25318                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               74723                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6720539                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              68555                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             68555                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7647048                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteClean           636983                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          4363480                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           193367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           5355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           13820                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2811921                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2809206                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6645816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanInvalidReq       807884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanInvalidResp       807884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       3514016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      3512775                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1296987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1296987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       202074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bootmem.port          182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        69046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     39133638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     39404940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               40701927                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     27669312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     27669312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       170340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bootmem.port          404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       138092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1107671140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1107979976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1135649288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          14121637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.043486                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                14094882     99.81%     99.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   26755      0.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            14121637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     87641047                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     39837802                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests     13737680                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        1391644                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1189873                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       201771                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 454792039644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2828382                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          38872581                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             68555                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            68555                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     12731152                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean     23869433                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteClean          573548                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         6026640                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          244184                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          5906                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         250090                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4208475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4208475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      23871485                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12172714                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanInvalidReq       807884                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanInvalidResp       807884                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      3344525                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      3344525                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     25350332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     31402297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       347170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       973096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20754498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13570647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       349232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       997380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     11560517                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7901606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       188592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1577292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13957186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8300720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       323096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       751460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             138305121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1081220972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1012076358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1388680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      3892384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    885505216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    407032066                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1396928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      3989520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    493227880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    233402584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       754368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      6309168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    595484944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    247715524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1292384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      3005840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             4977694816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        12648649                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 466895168                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         60194430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.297415                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.688903                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               48449409     80.49%     80.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                7408050     12.31%     92.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                2532419      4.21%     97.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                1788355      2.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                  16194      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              5                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           60194430                       # Request fanout histogram

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
