
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.157450                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3157449892500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3157449892500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 476581                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   509613                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              472938553                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4409916                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6676.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3181766342                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3402298101                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3157449892500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         343232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data     1153410496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1153753728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       343232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        343232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks    665091904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       665091904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            5363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data        18022039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            18027402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks     10392061                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           10392061                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            108705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         365298116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             365406821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       108705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           108705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      210642109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            210642109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      210642109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           108705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        365298116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            576048930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples  10392046.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5365.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples  18004988.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.122386065652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds       578651                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds       578651                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            45590088                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            9895379                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    18027404                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   10392061                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  18027404                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 10392061                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1152662592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1091264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               665087168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys              1153753856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            665091904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  17051                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    15                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            573851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            573464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            574353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            571456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            570545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            567876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            555979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            556228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            555261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            556710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           556675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           557530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           556647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           555014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           555179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           554340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16           555485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17           555480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18           556308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19           556964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20           559064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21           564959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22           564730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23           565440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24           563512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25           564960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26           564739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27           567872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28           568363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29           570121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30           569881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31           571367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            326048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            326587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            326927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            324888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            325185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            324316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            322077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            321641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            321679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            322287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           322384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           322249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           322133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           321052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           320894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           320968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16           320907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17           320865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18           321873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19           322413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20           322825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21           328644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22           328513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23           328674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24           328374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25           328833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26           329229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27           331342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28           330780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29           326394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30           325335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31           325671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                       204                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3157449880000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              18027404                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6             10392061                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                14653654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 3351085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    4188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                 178700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                 211065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                 619201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                 622074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                 627514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                 613177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                 617511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                 631313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                 641293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                 615671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                 608287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                 601565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                 601792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                 595761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                 588610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                 593852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                 598793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                 600049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                  15114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                   9340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                  12832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                   7532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                   3159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                   4089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                   3767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                   2397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                   1987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                   2328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                   2652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                   4680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                   3811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                   3011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                   6051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                   5548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                   2667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                   1817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                   3441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                   3116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                   2643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                   2376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                   2356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                   2440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                   6467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                   4028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                   5430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                   4858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                   2335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                   1985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                   2852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                   5859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                   3211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                   2695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                   5400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                  4418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                  6034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                  2896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                  4213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                  2543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                  3439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                  3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                  3536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                  3504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                  3379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                  4222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                  3599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                  2287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                  3762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                  1616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                  4392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                  1511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                  4068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                  1556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                  3428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                  1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                   924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                   401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                   244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                   324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      3089591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    588.345701                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   411.236067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   373.078676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       490083     15.86%     15.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       288548      9.34%     25.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       195690      6.33%     31.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       317876     10.29%     41.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       361970     11.72%     53.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767       187173      6.06%     59.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895       140208      4.54%     64.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        99255      3.21%     67.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1008788     32.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      3089591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       578651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      31.124693                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    201.796969                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        576471     99.62%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         1149      0.20%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           93      0.02%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           55      0.01%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           43      0.01%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           44      0.01%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           24      0.00%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           57      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           38      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           28      0.00%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           50      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           21      0.00%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327           36      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583           24      0.00%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839           36      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095           34      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351           25      0.00%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607           36      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863           20      0.00%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119           39      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375           37      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631           37      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            5      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143           40      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399           39      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655           17      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911           17      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            5      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423           23      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679           21      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935           17      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            5      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8447            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-8959            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9471            9      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-9983            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9984-10239           40      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10495            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13567            9      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        578651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       578651                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.958989                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.231791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     11.417231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-23        552138     95.42%     95.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-31          2686      0.46%     95.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-39         16730      2.89%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-47          2214      0.38%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-55          2320      0.40%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-63           123      0.02%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-71           847      0.15%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-79           106      0.02%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-87            31      0.01%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-95           194      0.03%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-103            8      0.00%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-111           15      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-119            6      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::120-127            7      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::128-135            8      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::136-143            7      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::144-151           15      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::152-159           10      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::160-167           12      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::168-175            7      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::176-183            7      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::184-191           13      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::192-199            7      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::200-207            5      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::208-215            7      0.00%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::216-223           19      0.00%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::224-231           35      0.01%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::232-239           14      0.00%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::240-247          760      0.13%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::248-255          114      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::256-263           82      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::264-271           91      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::272-279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::280-287            2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::288-295            2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::304-311            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::312-319            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::336-343            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::344-351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::352-359            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::384-391            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::440-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::536-543            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        578651                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       343360                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data   1152319232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    665087168                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 108745.985428175729                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 364952500.034012854099                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 210640608.922980725765                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5365                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data     18022039                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks     10392061                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    314201696                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 664838783339                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 176800977691584                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     58565.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     36890.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  17013081.21                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 350115890359                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            665152985035                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                60010496196                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19439.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36931.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       365.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       210.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    365.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    210.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      57.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 16029619                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 9283118                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     111101.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             4282928180.187072                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             2891271943.097788                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            13789313139.575598                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           7260177290.991506                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         64728094508.549004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         61503558756.003792                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         3570635518.256785                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    145002012373.418610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    40094048862.775826                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     276684903966.122131                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           620199266802.479126                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            196.424104                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2893380763328                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15948053665                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   59353350000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1822465026871                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 334117019836                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  188767387499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 736799054629                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             4142306459.383590                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             2796338524.994385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            13496765877.306644                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           7193035850.314446                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         61804698162.018578                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         59312463620.771126                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         3442147214.145092                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    139234938542.072723                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    37527523883.582237                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     284738504925.649414                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           614031250315.655151                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            194.470624                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2902940455669                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15277086414                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   56672700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1882716261901                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 312729361375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  182559650417                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 707494832393                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy             4200472119.809182                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy             2835611894.693389                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy            13591074874.611975                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy           7251918415.863366                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy         62390980547.221703                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy         59982804790.005035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         3456747635.639496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy    140755087643.102753                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy    37711903602.179916                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy     283095888877.000488                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           615632334642.982788                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            194.977705                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime         2900158634663                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15362390068                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF   57210300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF 1870673832794                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 314265648265                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT  184718567769                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 715219153604                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy             4276926700.739260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy             2887220514.984468                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy            13780399974.267588                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy           7339241696.573887                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy         63410104224.625572                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy         61366819548.571045                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         3484965048.157793                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy    142918325985.495117                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy    38217318955.137444                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy     280170465203.744629                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           618228574051.687744                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            195.799964                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime         2894502354049                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15462989248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF   58144800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF 1849814018121                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 318477531283                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT  189339555515                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 726210998333                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3157449892500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               546876869                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         369370018                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           8028853                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            358648899                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits               348684332                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             97.221637                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                80696272                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  8                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups            3918                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits               2911                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             1007                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          638                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3157449892500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3157449892500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3157449892500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3157449892500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   307                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    3157449892500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       6314899785                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  3181766342                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    3402298101                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                      28813136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.984715                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.503851                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass               61185      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu              2205058858     64.81%     64.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                 715634      0.02%     64.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                   98839      0.00%     64.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd              26290018      0.77%     65.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp              45933003      1.35%     66.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt              73643563      2.16%     69.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult             42121784      1.24%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc           9034496      0.27%     70.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv               8689884      0.26%     70.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMisc             76163684      2.24%     73.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt              8652845      0.25%     73.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd               43137161      1.27%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu               45389985      1.33%     75.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                   1384      0.00%     75.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                   6342      0.00%     75.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc              75227861      2.21%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                50088      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd           1496087      0.04%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu           2162304      0.06%     78.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp           2649030      0.08%     78.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv              6336      0.00%     78.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult           129801      0.00%     78.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc      21734088      0.64%     79.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead              416623439     12.25%     91.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite             297220402      8.74%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::CusAlu                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total               3402298101                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                      4060279216                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                      2254620569                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.fetch2.int_instructions         1833877029                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.fp_instructions                   0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.vec_instructions          510575383                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.load_instructions         324816906                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.store_instructions        137026124                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3157449892500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.989220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           705103551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          28369103                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             24.854630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            172500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.989220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1458890251                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1458890251                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3157449892500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data    377854879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       377854879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data    264139440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      264139440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          374                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           374                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::.cpu.data          725                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          725                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu.data     17369507                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total     17369507                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu.data     17369523                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total     17369523                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data    641995044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        641995044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data    641995418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       641995418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data     22683460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      22683460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data     14396855                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     14396855                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          116                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          116                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::.cpu.data      1445679                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      1445679                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data     38525994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       38525994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data     38526110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      38526110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1306397089500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1306397089500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1166283365000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1166283365000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42895861688                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  42895861688                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       385000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       385000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2515576316188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2515576316188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2515576316188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2515576316188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data    400538339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    400538339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data    278536295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    278536295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          490                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          490                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1446404                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      1446404                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17369523                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total     17369523                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17369523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total     17369523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data    680521038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    680521038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data    680521528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    680521528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.056632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.051688                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051688                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236735                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.236735                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999499                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.999499                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57592.496449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57592.496449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81009.593067                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81009.593067                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29671.774777                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29671.774777                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24062.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24062.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65295.559050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65295.559050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65295.362449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65295.362449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     19569599                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            734644                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.638207                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     18226782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          18226782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data       341669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       341669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data      9815354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      9815354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data     10157023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10157023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data     10157023                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10157023                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     22341791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     22341791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4581501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4581501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          116                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          116                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1445679                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total      1445679                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     28368971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     28368971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     28369087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     28369087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1259694133500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1259694133500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 393732084000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 393732084000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     18106000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18106000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41450182688                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41450182688                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       369000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       369000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1694876400188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1694876400188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1694894506188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1694894506188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016448                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016448                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236735                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.236735                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56382.862659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56382.862659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85939.539029                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85939.539029                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 156086.206897                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156086.206897                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28671.774777                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28671.774777                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23062.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23062.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59744.021036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59744.021036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59744.414975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59744.414975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements               28368591                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3157449892500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.995180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1829290858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             13670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          133817.912070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             84000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   511.995180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        3658595656                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       3658595656                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3157449892500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst   1829277188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1829277188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst   1829277188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1829277188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst   1829277188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1829277188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         13805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        13805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          13805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         13805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    696804500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    696804500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    696804500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    696804500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    696804500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    696804500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst   1829290993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1829290993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst   1829290993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1829290993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst   1829290993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1829290993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50474.791742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50474.791742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50474.791742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50474.791742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50474.791742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50474.791742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks        13158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             13158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          133                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          133                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680824500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    680824500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680824500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    680824500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680824500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    680824500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49796.993856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49796.993856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49796.993856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49796.993856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49796.993856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49796.993856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                  13158                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3157449892500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16355.974529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    55345700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  19478492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.841375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     73125                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    1737.220601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        12.319208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     14606.434720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.106032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.000752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.891506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          691                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2996                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4671                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7810                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 133007534                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                133007534                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3157449892500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     18226782                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         18226782                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks        13156                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            13156                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            345692                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                345692                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst           8306                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               8306                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data       8555693                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           8555693                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::.cpu.data         26962                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total             26962                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                 8306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data              8901385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  8909691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                8306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data             8901385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 8909691                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         4235815                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4235815                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5366                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             5366                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data     13786224                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        13786224                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::.cpu.data      1418717                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1418717                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               5366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data           18022039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               18027405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              5366                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data          18022039                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              18027405                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 383210378000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  383210378000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    569861500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    569861500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1136351830000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1136351830000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    569861500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1519562208000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1520132069500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    569861500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1519562208000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1520132069500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     18226782                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     18226782                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks        13156                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        13156                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       4581507                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4581507                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13672                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          13672                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data     22341917                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      22341917                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1445679                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       1445679                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst            13672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         26923424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             26937096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst           13672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26923424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            26937096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.924546                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.924546                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.392481                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.392481                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.617056                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.617056                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.981350                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.981350                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.392481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.669381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.669241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.392481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.669381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.669241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 90469.101696                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90469.101696                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106198.565039                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106198.565039                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82426.618775                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82426.618775                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106198.565039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84316.886008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84323.399264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106198.565039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84316.886008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84323.399264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks            10392061                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  10392061                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          101                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           101                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4235815                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4235815                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5365                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         5365                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     13786224                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     13786224                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1418717                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      1418717                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          5365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      18022039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          18027404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     18022039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         18027404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 340273120380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 340273120380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    515153000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    515153000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 996279614375                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 996279614375                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24395686831                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24395686831                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    515153000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1336552734755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1337067887755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    515153000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1336552734755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1337067887755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.924546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.924546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.392408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.617056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.981350                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981350                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.392408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.669381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.669241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.392408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.669381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.669241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80332.384767                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80332.384767                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 96021.062442                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96021.062442                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72266.315590                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72266.315590                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17195.597734                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17195.597734                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 96021.062442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74162.126425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74168.631698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 96021.062442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74162.126425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74168.631698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                       19435146                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      38875965                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     19429845                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3157449892500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           13791587                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     10392061                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9037579                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4235815                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4235815                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      13791589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1418717                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     56903163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               56903163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1818845632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1818845632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          19446121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                19446121    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            19446121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         57779062730                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        61415781184                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     56764716                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     28381912                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           5607                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5607                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3157449892500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          22355587                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     28618843                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        13158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        19184894                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4581507                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4581507                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         13672                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     22341917                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      1445679                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1445679                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        40500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     85106797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              85147297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1716992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2889613184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             2891330176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        19435146                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 665091904                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         47817952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.010833                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               47812340     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   5612      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           47817952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        46622345092                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          20506996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       41108019589                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
