
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.935585                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2935585433500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2935585433500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 318833                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   341354                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              299791156                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4410088                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9792.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3122040323                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3342572080                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2935585433500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         341760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data     1153414848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1153756608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       341760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        341760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks    665089536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       665089536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            5340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data        18022107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            18027447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks     10392024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           10392024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            116420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         392907948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             393024367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       116420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           116420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      226561124                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            226561124                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      226561124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           116420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        392907948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            619585492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples  10392008.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5342.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples  18005054.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.082622099652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds       578549                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds       578549                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            45561097                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            9895247                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    18027449                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   10392024                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  18027449                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 10392024                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1152665344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1091392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               665084544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys              1153756736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            665089536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  17053                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            573825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            573471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            574533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            571437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            570547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            567876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            555978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            556245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            555249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            556711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           556681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           557532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           556622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           555015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           555180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           554346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16           555484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17           555480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18           556308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19           556967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20           559058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21           564962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22           564723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23           565454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24           563501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25           564963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26           564716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27           567875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28           568368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29           570115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30           569866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31           571308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            326053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            326591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            326902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            324882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            325184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            324316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            322075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            321642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            321679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            322287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           322384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           322246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           322133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           321052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           320894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           320968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16           320905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17           320865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18           321873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19           322413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20           322825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21           328644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22           328513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23           328673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24           328374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25           328833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26           329229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27           331342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28           330775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29           326394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30           325331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31           325669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                       157                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2935585421000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              18027449                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6             10392024                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                14642108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 3362765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    4116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                 178517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                 209891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                 618212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                 626246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                 630031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                 611573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                 616003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                 628849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                 640980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                 614492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                 605459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                 601704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                 602503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                 596920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                 588911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                 593819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                 599875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                 600933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                  15888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                   9316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                  12263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                   6799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                   4608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                   3969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                   3209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                   2152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                   1862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                   3236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                   3734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                   4127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                   3417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                   2833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                   6015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                   5899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                   2462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                   1833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                   2901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                   3465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                   3419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                   2693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                   2555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                   2489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                   6187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                   4955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                   4729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                   4127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                   2193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                   2267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                   3385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                   4911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                   3659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                   2806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                   6372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                  5418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                  5991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                  3300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                  3907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                  2695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                  3694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                  2958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                  3441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                  3491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                  3420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                  3799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                  3457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                  2250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                  3143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                  1929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                  3548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                  1687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                  2955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                  1845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                  2492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                  2018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                   816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                   765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                   505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                   297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      3075092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    591.119282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   413.238054                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   373.446841                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       488526     15.89%     15.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       282983      9.20%     25.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       178875      5.82%     30.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       323398     10.52%     41.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       360142     11.71%     53.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767       185634      6.04%     59.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895       139012      4.52%     63.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023       102589      3.34%     67.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1013933     32.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      3075092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       578549                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      31.130248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    201.813415                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        576374     99.62%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         1141      0.20%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           94      0.02%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           59      0.01%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           39      0.01%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           43      0.01%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           26      0.00%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           58      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           36      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           27      0.00%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           52      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           22      0.00%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327           36      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583           24      0.00%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839           37      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095           34      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351           24      0.00%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607           37      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863           18      0.00%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119           38      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375           39      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631           37      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            5      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143           40      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399           40      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655           17      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911           17      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            4      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423           23      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679           21      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935           17      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            5      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8447            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8448-8703            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-8959            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9471            9      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-9983            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9984-10239           40      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10495            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13567            9      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        578549                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       578549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.962084                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.229368                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     11.563797                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-23        552131     95.43%     95.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-31          2750      0.48%     95.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-39         16731      2.89%     98.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-47          2055      0.36%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-55          2337      0.40%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-63           100      0.02%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-71           752      0.13%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-79           113      0.02%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-87            22      0.00%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-95           299      0.05%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-103            6      0.00%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-111           10      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-119           17      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::120-127            8      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::128-135            9      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::136-143           11      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::144-151            8      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::152-159           12      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::160-167            7      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::176-183           11      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::184-191           12      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::192-199           10      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::200-207            4      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::208-215            9      0.00%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::216-223           18      0.00%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::224-231           31      0.01%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::232-239            9      0.00%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::240-247          531      0.09%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::248-255           83      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::256-263          218      0.04%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::264-271          222      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::280-287            2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::288-295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::304-311            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::312-319            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::336-343            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::344-351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::352-359            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::376-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::384-391            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::440-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::512-519            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        578549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       341888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data   1152323456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    665084544                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 116463.311235462301                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 392536167.692494452000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 226559423.687779366970                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5342                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data     18022107                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks     10392024                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    330374622                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 657172040336                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 164754871200873                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     61844.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     36464.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  15853973.32                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 342464568126                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            657502414958                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                60010639472                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19014.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36506.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       392.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       226.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    393.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    226.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      57.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 16044361                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 9282872                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     103294.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             4260344673.204227                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             2876015380.165382                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            13789798705.273371                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           7260110213.832982                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         61564612471.723808                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         60524407025.416832                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         3357564308.846355                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    137132531501.408798                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    37632844238.584900                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     253064920930.033539                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           581840117422.038208                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            198.202413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2676719682356                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14734819769                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   56452550000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1666300836691                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 313606898414                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  187678071867                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 696812256759                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             4125467303.740861                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             2784970889.868352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            13496705181.596909                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           7193027465.669538                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         59284370955.315300                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         58609291841.032654                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         3263817718.488262                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    132368619312.816864                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    35892636600.188805                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     259325363266.023743                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           576662732755.953979                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            196.438750                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2685018963391                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14211079840                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   54361650000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1713309036302                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 299105383739                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  181993740269                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 672604543350                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy             4182412973.358037                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy             2823416985.276155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy            13591093083.327826                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy           7251910031.218450                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy         59883249251.138023                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy         59261593378.006874                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         3305270930.568140                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy    133669698284.969757                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy    36252021088.866631                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy     257659899973.921295                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           578181347371.022949                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            196.956062                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime         2682283602074                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14325489381                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF   54910800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF 1700967415241                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 302100072063                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT  184065542045                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 679216114770                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy             4255114578.079239                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy             2872492078.050476                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy            13780087391.352951                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy           7339210952.876115                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy         60785192790.353508                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy         60508724785.822464                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         3355837663.780913                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy    135756818278.903152                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy    36583016937.545601                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy     255240036106.803070                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           580804574075.135498                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            197.849658                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime         2676985201041                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14617735058                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF   55737850000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF 1682306515303                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 304858484261                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT  188244453893                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 689820394985                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2935585433500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               590195858                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         412728306                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           8029146                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            366139734                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits               357139583                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             97.541881                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                80696697                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  8                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups            3906                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits               2902                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             1004                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          638                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2935585433500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2935585433500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2935585433500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2935585433500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   307                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2935585433500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       5871170867                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  3122040323                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    3342572080                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                      28813970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.880556                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.531758                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass               61184      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu              2247717115     67.25%     67.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                 715634      0.02%     67.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                   98839      0.00%     67.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd              26290018      0.79%     68.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp              45933003      1.37%     69.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt              73643563      2.20%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult             42121784      1.26%     72.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc           9034496      0.27%     73.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv               8689884      0.26%     73.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMisc             33505380      1.00%     74.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt              8652845      0.26%     74.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                 478853      0.01%     74.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                2731677      0.08%     74.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                   1380      0.00%     74.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                   6342      0.00%     74.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc              32569555      0.97%     75.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     75.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                50088      0.00%     75.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     75.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd           1496087      0.04%     75.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu           2162304      0.06%     75.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp           2649030      0.08%     75.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv              6336      0.00%     75.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult           129801      0.00%     75.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc      21734088      0.65%     76.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead              408089607     12.21%     88.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite             297220403      8.89%     97.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%     97.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%     97.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%     97.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%     97.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::CusAlu                76782784      2.30%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total               3342572080                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                      3624137728                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                      2247033139                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.fetch2.int_instructions         1911504054                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.fp_instructions                   0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.vec_instructions          336991268                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.load_instructions         316243190                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.store_instructions        137026584                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2935585433500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.988292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           696506107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          28371803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             24.549237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            172500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.988292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1441735639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1441735639                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2935585433500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data    369272498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       369272498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data    264121670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      264121670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          381                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           381                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::.cpu.data          725                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          725                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu.data     17369507                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total     17369507                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu.data     17369523                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total     17369523                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data    633394893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        633394893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data    633395274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       633395274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data     22687164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      22687164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data     14414637                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     14414637                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          118                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          118                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::.cpu.data      1445679                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      1445679                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data     38547480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       38547480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data     38547598                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      38547598                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1308389505500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1308389505500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1158259841500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1158259841500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42827243250                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  42827243250                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       385500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       385500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2509476590250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2509476590250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2509476590250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2509476590250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data    391959662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    391959662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data    278536307                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    278536307                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          499                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          499                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1446404                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      1446404                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17369523                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total     17369523                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17369523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total     17369523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data    671942373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    671942373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data    671942872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    671942872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.057881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.051751                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051751                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236473                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.236473                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999499                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.999499                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.057367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.057367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57670.914950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57670.914950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80353.035703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80353.035703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29624.310272                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29624.310272                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24093.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24093.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65100.924632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65100.924632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65100.725349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65100.725349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     19527765                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            664394                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.391844                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     18230653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          18230653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data       342304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       342304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data      9833506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      9833506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data     10175810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10175810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data     10175810                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10175810                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     22344860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     22344860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4581131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4581131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          117                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1445679                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total      1445679                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     28371670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     28371670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     28371787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     28371787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1261697234000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1261697234000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 384031835000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 384031835000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     18094500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18094500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41381564250                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41381564250                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       369500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       369500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1687110633250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1687110633250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1687128727750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1687128727750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.057008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234469                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234469                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56464.763440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56464.763440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83829.044618                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83829.044618                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 154653.846154                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154653.846154                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28624.310272                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28624.310272                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23093.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23093.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59464.622042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59464.622042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59465.014585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59465.014585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements               28371291                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2935585433500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.994845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1815202143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             13625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          133225.845358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             84000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   511.994845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        3630418177                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       3630418177                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2935585433500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst   1815188518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1815188518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst   1815188518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1815188518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst   1815188518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1815188518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         13758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        13758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          13758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         13758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    711934500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    711934500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    711934500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    711934500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    711934500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    711934500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst   1815202276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1815202276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst   1815202276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1815202276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst   1815202276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1815202276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51746.947231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51746.947231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51746.947231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51746.947231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51746.947231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51746.947231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks        13113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             13113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          131                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          131                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    695625500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    695625500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    695625500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    695625500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    695625500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    695625500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51047.589345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51047.589345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51047.589345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51047.589345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51047.589345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51047.589345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                  13113                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2935585433500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16353.944075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    55351034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  19478543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.841641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     73125                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    1460.229056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        12.955561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     14880.759458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.089125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.908249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          693                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2994                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4674                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7813                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999939                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 133018205                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                133018205                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2935585433500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     18230653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         18230653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks        13111                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            13111                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            345355                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                345355                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst           8284                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               8284                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data       8558662                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           8558662                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::.cpu.data         26962                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total             26962                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                 8284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data              8904017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  8912301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                8284                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data             8904017                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 8912301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         4235776                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4235776                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5343                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             5343                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data     13786331                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        13786331                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::.cpu.data      1418717                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1418717                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               5343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data           18022107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               18027450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              5343                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data          18022107                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              18027450                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 373513528000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  373513528000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    584964500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    584964500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1138319966500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1138319966500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    584964500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1511833494500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1512418459000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    584964500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1511833494500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1512418459000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     18230653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     18230653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks        13111                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        13111                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       4581131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4581131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13627                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          13627                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data     22344993                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      22344993                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1445679                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       1445679                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst            13627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         26926124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             26939751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst           13627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26926124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            26939751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.924614                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.924614                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.392089                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.392089                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616976                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.616976                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.981350                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.981350                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.392089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.669317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.669177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.392089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.669317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.669177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88180.661111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88180.661111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 109482.406888                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109482.406888                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82568.739029                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82568.739029                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 109482.406888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83887.721591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83895.307378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 109482.406888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83887.721591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83895.307378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks            10392024                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  10392024                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           77                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            77                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4235776                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4235776                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5342                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         5342                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     13786331                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     13786331                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1418717                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      1418717                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          5342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      18022107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          18027449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     18022107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         18027449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 330577299628                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 330577299628                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    530490627                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    530490627                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 998239103000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 998239103000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24326628861                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24326628861                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    530490627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1328816402628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1329346893255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    530490627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1328816402628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1329346893255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.924614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.924614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.392016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.981350                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981350                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.392016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.669317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.669177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.392016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.669317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.669177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78044.093840                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78044.093840                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 99305.620928                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99305.620928                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72407.887421                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72407.887421                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17146.921381                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17146.921381                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 99305.620928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73732.577585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73740.155540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 99305.620928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73732.577585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73740.155540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                       19435198                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      38876008                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     19429843                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2935585433500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           13791671                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     10392024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9037661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4235776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4235776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      13791673                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1418717                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     56903298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               56903298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1818846144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1818846144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          19446166                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                19446166    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            19446166                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         57698268351                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        61414853208                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     56769979                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     28384525                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           5590                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5590                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2935585433500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          22358618                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     28622677                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        13113                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        19183812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4581131                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4581131                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         13627                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     22344993                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      1445679                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1445679                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        40365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     85114897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              85155262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1711232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2890033728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             2891744960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        19435198                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 665089536                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         47820654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.010816                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               47815059     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   5595      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           47820654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        46628794153                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          20440993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       41112054770                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
