
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.040036                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3040035563500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3040035563500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 457584                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   493915                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              500814039                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4409944                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6070.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2777623961                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2998155667                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3040035563500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         344960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data     1153422144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1153767104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       344960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        344960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks    665090816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       665090816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            5390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data        18022221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            18027611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks     10392044                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           10392044                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            113472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         379410740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             379524213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       113472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           113472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      218777314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            218777314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      218777314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           113472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        379410740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            598301527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples  10392030.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5391.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples  18004979.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.091797410652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds       578648                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds       578648                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            45574272                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            9895190                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    18027612                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   10392044                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  18027612                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 10392044                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1152663680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1103488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               665085824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys              1153767168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            665090816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  17242                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            573642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            573516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            573415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            573903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            571125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            569542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            561398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            556134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            555003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            556001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           557288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           557170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           557328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           555336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           554885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           555462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16           554587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17           555250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18           555285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19           557666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20           557650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21           562390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22           564537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23           565149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24           564460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25           564150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26           565308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27           565910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28           567590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29           570182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30           569311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31           569797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            326085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            326067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            326440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            326556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            325065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            324816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            323104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            321988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            321234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            322105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           322494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           322330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           322323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           321576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           320611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           321296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16           320858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17           320706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18           321139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19           322585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20           322366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21           325951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22           328575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23           328555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24           328301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25           328772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26           329082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27           330620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28           330573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29           328851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30           325315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31           325627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                       203                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3040035546500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              18027612                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6             10392044                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                14641957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 3362812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    4212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                 179035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                 211201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                 616146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                 624231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                 633468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                 609582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                 622976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                 628416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                 641131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                 616597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                 599334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                 602868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                 602142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                 595727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                 589097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                 593975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                 601503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                 600349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                  16137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                   9862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                  12493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                   6270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                   4000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                   3578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                   3303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                   2392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                   2412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                   2674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                   2807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                   4624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                   3715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                   3586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                   5636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                   5296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                   2263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                   1708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                   2805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                   3505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                   2942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                   2461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                   2146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                   2835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                   6383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                   4810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                   4678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                   4236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                   1926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                   2191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                   3024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                   6206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                   3113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                   2741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                   4377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                  5677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                  5670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                  2739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                  4227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                  2382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                  3647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                  3148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                  3399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                  4171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                  2951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                  3852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                  3731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                  2474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                  3428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                  1926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                  4051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                  1679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                  3666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                  1706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                  2366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                  1895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                   868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                   426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                   294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                   159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                   128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                   333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      3081793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    589.834606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   412.201225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   373.343088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       486949     15.80%     15.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       290350      9.42%     25.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       183784      5.96%     31.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       314734     10.21%     41.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       365602     11.86%     53.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767       188807      6.13%     59.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895       138740      4.50%     63.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023       102623      3.33%     67.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1010204     32.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      3081793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       578648                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      31.124863                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    202.281624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        576473     99.62%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         1141      0.20%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           99      0.02%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           57      0.01%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           35      0.01%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           48      0.01%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           27      0.00%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           58      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           38      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           25      0.00%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           51      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           20      0.00%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327           35      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583           24      0.00%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839           33      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095           36      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351           26      0.00%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607           34      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863           18      0.00%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119           38      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375           37      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631           36      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            7      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143           40      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399           39      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655           17      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911           18      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            4      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423           24      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679           21      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935           16      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            7      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8447            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8448-8703            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-8959            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9471            9      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-9983            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9984-10239           40      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10495            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13567            9      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        578648                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       578648                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.959046                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.232461                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     11.417354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-23        552089     95.41%     95.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-31          2955      0.51%     95.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-39         16546      2.86%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-47          2167      0.37%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-55          2338      0.40%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-63           101      0.02%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-71           804      0.14%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-79           118      0.02%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-87            28      0.00%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-95           247      0.04%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-103            8      0.00%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-111           10      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-119            8      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::120-127            6      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::128-135            7      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::136-143            5      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::144-151           11      0.00%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::152-159           14      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::160-167           18      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::168-175           13      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::176-183            6      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::184-191           10      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::192-199            8      0.00%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::200-207           12      0.00%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::208-215           10      0.00%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::216-223           12      0.00%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::224-231           25      0.00%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::232-239            6      0.00%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::240-247          714      0.12%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::248-255          114      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::256-263          106      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::264-271          113      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::272-279            9      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::288-295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::296-303            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::312-319            2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::344-351            2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::352-359            2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::360-367            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::528-535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        578648                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       345024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data   1152318656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    665085824                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 113493.409137218463                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 379047755.176039099693                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 218775672.227427870035                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5391                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data     18022221                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks     10392044                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    300870262                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 659861920127                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 170238406743881                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     55809.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     36613.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  16381609.50                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 345125398349                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            660162790389                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                60010552840                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19162.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36654.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       379.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       218.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    379.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    218.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      57.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 16036912                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 9283621                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     106969.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             4283836334.779603                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             2891885012.438705                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            13816392531.484644                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           7267030340.674670                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         62783362247.735252                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         60941326779.788025                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         3467250384.858698                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    141664189300.931122                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    37640854933.018494                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     264459878121.243744                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           599460571646.611816                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            197.188671                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2779392203865                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14773245669                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   57570100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1745880760311                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 313673667319                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  188299715118                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 719838075083                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             4134242484.264248                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             2790891071.514497                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            13500158767.607790                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           7193938597.071063                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         60644729302.231926                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         59049551528.691277                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         3401437624.497460                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    136576231590.415833                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    36432874218.663361                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     270655858856.204895                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           594623582936.677002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            195.597575                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2787200244067                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14633353778                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   55609050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1789608779707                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 303607320291                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  182592915655                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 693984144069                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy             4182243378.223361                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy             2823313575.989536                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy            13573121083.002689                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy           7240797581.976962                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy         61078333982.955070                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy         59727511215.299797                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         3430685504.663804                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy    137372831462.959778                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy    36689842190.341675                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy     269470125413.375031                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           595817474058.795654                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            195.990297                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime         2784426907171                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14741989977                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF   56006650000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF 1780647612683                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 305748685258                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT  184858457092                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 698032168490                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy             4259638938.611039                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy             2875553731.565468                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy            13767936109.808723                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy           7342548041.506519                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy         61955467395.192558                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy         60723686974.544426                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         3463276151.188494                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy    139383135731.467377                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy    37125918889.859558                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy     266946163516.115570                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           598074185293.075928                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            196.732628                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime         2780322790086                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14830010896                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF   56810950000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF 1762692781960                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 309382787346                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT  188071630510                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 708247402788                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3040035563500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               459949458                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         370027849                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           8028823                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            316539221                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits               305314408                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             96.453895                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                37299207                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  8                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups            3977                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits               2803                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             1174                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          658                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3040035563500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3040035563500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3040035563500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits              0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3040035563500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   307                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    3040035563500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       6080071127                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  2777623961                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    2998155667                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                      28080783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               2.188947                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.456841                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass               61184      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu              1902177002     63.44%     63.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                 715634      0.02%     63.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                   98839      0.00%     63.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd              26290018      0.88%     64.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp              45933003      1.53%     65.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt              73643563      2.46%     68.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult             42121784      1.40%     69.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc           9034496      0.30%     70.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv               8689884      0.29%     70.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMisc             76163684      2.54%     72.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt              8652845      0.29%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd               43137157      1.44%     74.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     74.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu               45389983      1.51%     76.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                   1380      0.00%     76.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                   6342      0.00%     76.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc              75227859      2.51%     78.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                50088      0.00%     78.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd           1496087      0.05%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu           2162304      0.07%     78.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp           2649030      0.09%     78.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv              6336      0.00%     78.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult           129801      0.00%     78.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc      21734088      0.72%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead              358030761     11.94%     91.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite             254552515      8.49%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::CusAlu                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total               2998155667                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                      3782629897                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                      2297441230                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.fetch2.int_instructions         1530143063                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.fp_instructions                   0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.vec_instructions          512446902                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.load_instructions         266133487                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.store_instructions         93368162                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3040035563500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.988667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           603787689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          28366519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             21.285223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            172500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.988667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1256264111                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1256264111                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3040035563500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data    319213567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       319213567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data    221467470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      221467470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          381                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           381                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::.cpu.data          722                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          722                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu.data     17369507                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total     17369507                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu.data     17369523                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total     17369523                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data    540681759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        540681759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data    540682140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       540682140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data     22680679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      22680679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data     14401130                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     14401130                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          118                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          118                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::.cpu.data      1445683                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      1445683                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data     38527492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       38527492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data     38527610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      38527610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1306986916500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1306986916500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1160944941000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1160944941000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42788476304                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  42788476304                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       371000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       371000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2510720333804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2510720333804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2510720333804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2510720333804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data    341894246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    341894246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data    235868600                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    235868600                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          499                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          499                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1446405                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      1446405                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17369523                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total     17369523                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17369523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total     17369523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data    579209251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    579209251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data    579209750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    579209750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.061056                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.061056                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236473                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.236473                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999501                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.999501                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57625.563878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57625.563878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80614.850432                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80614.850432                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29597.412644                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29597.412644                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23187.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23187.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65166.980861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65166.980861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65166.781272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65166.781272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     19482503                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            636676                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.600341                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     18226194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          18226194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data       340986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       340986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data      9820121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      9820121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data     10161107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10161107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data     10161107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10161107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     22339693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     22339693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4581009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4581009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          118                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1445683                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total      1445683                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     28366385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     28366385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     28366503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     28366503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1260265204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1260265204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 388059758500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 388059758500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     18583500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18583500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41342793304                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41342793304                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       355000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       355000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1689667755804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1689667755804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1689686339304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1689686339304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.065341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019422                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019422                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236473                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.236473                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999501                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999501                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56413.720815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56413.720815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84710.542699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84710.542699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 157487.288136                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157487.288136                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28597.412644                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28597.412644                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22187.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22187.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59565.847245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59565.847245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59566.254582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59566.254582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements               28366007                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3040035563500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.993417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1555776076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             13984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          111254.010011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             84000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   511.993417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        3111566398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       3111566398                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3040035563500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst   1555762092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1555762092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst   1555762092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1555762092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst   1555762092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1555762092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        14115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         14115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        14115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          14115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        14115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         14115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    689657500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    689657500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    689657500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    689657500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    689657500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    689657500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst   1555776207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1555776207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst   1555776207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1555776207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst   1555776207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1555776207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48859.900815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48859.900815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48859.900815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48859.900815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48859.900815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48859.900815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks        13472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             13472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          129                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          129                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    672733000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    672733000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    672733000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    672733000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    672733000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    672733000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48100.457600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48100.457600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48100.457600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48100.457600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48100.457600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48100.457600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                  13472                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3040035563500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16354.860251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    55341146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  19478679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.841114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     73125                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    1594.311867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        12.540842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     14748.007542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.097309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.000765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.900147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          635                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4686                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999878                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 132998641                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                132998641                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3040035563500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     18226194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         18226194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks        13469                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            13469                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            345156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                345156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst           8593                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               8593                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data       8553459                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           8553459                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::.cpu.data         26964                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total             26964                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                 8593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data              8898615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  8907208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                8593                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data             8898615                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 8907208                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         4235853                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4235853                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5393                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             5393                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data     13786368                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        13786368                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::.cpu.data      1418719                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1418719                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               5393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data           18022221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               18027614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              5393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data          18022221                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              18027614                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 377543831000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  377543831000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    557889000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    557889000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1136950225000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1136950225000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    557889000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1514494056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1515051945000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    557889000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1514494056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1515051945000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     18226194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     18226194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks        13469                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        13469                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       4581009                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4581009                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13986                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          13986                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data     22339827                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      22339827                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1445683                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       1445683                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst            13986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         26920836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             26934822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst           13986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26920836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            26934822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.924655                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.924655                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.385600                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.385600                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.617121                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.617121                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.981349                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.981349                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.385600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.669453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.669305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.385600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.669453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.669305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89130.531914                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89130.531914                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 103446.875579                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103446.875579                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82469.162654                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82469.162654                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 103446.875579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84034.817684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84040.624844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 103446.875579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84034.817684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84040.624844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks            10392044                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  10392044                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          113                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           113                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4235853                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4235853                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5392                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         5392                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     13786368                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     13786368                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1418719                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      1418719                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          5392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      18022221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          18027613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     18022221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         18027613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 334614452626                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 334614452626                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    502905252                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    502905252                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 996883903375                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 996883903375                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24286604500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24286604500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    502905252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1331498356001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1332001261253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    502905252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1331498356001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1332001261253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.924655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.924655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.385528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.617121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.981349                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981349                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.385528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.669453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.669305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.385528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.669453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.669305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78995.766054                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78995.766054                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 93268.778190                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93268.778190                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72309.393118                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72309.393118                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17118.685589                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17118.685589                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 93268.778190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73880.924887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73886.723731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 93268.778190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73880.924887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73886.723731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                       19435333                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      38876354                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     19430023                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3040035563500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           13791758                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     10392044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9037776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4235853                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4235853                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      13791759                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1418719                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     56903762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               56903762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1818857920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1818857920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          19446331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                19446331    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            19446331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         57691324775                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        61416727923                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     56760204                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     28379656                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           5626                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5626                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3040035563500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          22353811                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     28618238                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        13472                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        19183102                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4581009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4581009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         13986                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     22339827                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      1445683                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1445683                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        41442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     85099045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              85140487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1757184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2889409920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             2891167104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        19435333                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 665090816                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         47815883                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000118                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.010851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               47810252     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   5631      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           47815883                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        46619826748                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          20978994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       41104152044                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
